Patent No: 7811611
Title: Herbal contraceptive formulation

Abstract:  Disclosed herein are non-synthetic herbal based anti-fertility
     compositions having high spermicidal activity for intravaginal
     administration comprising hydroalcoholic extract of Annona squamosa and
     pharmaceutically acceptable excipients, in suitably formulated dosage
     forms for intravaginal administration and a method of contraception in a
     female subject to prevent pregnancy.

Inventor: 
Singh; Kamalinder Kaur (Mumbai, Maharashtra, IN), Tatke; Pratima Arun (Mumbai, Maharashtra, IN), Dhuru; Shruti (Mahim, Mumbai, Maharashtra, IN) 
Filed: January 19, 2006
Assignee: 


Patent No: 8012515
Title: Method for preparation of herbal beverage

Abstract:  A process for the preparation (decoction) of an herbal beverage from
     China Root (Smilax domingensis Willd), Bejuco indio (Gouania polygama)
     and Pimento leaves (Pimenta dioica Merr) and a modulation effective
     amount of Ginger root (Zingiber offiicinale); and the product prepared in
     accordance with this process.

Inventor: 
Otero; Douglas (Miami, FL) 
Filed: July 7, 2010
Assignee: 


Patent No: 7976828
Title: Antiperspirant/deodorant composition

Abstract:  A composition comprising at least one plant derived oil having a melting
     point of about -15 to about 38.degree. C. in an amount of about 5% or
     less by weight; and at least one active chosen from antiperspirant
     actives and deodorant actives in an amount of about 0.5 to about 16% by
     weight of the composition on an active weight basis. The composition can
     be used as an antiperspirant and/or deodorant when applied to an axillary
     area of a person.

Inventor: 
Popoff; Christine M. (Morganville, NJ), Henao; Diana (Dover, NJ) 
Filed: February 2, 2007
Assignee: 


Patent No: 7867948
Title: Use of guanidine compounds as physiological strengthening agents in the
     form of nutritional supplements, animal feed additives, in cosmetic
     preparations and as plant stimulants

Abstract:  Physiological strengthening agents in the form of nutritional
     supplements, feed additives or in cosmetic preparations in the
     non-medicinal field of application, as well as plant stimulating agents
     is the use of guanidine compounds of the general formula (I)
     ##STR00001##  or their salts, especially creatinol, creatinol-O-phosphate
     or one of their salts with aspartic acid, ascorbic acid, succinic acid,
     fumaric acid, acetic acid or phosphoric acid. R.sup.1 and R.sup.2 can be
     organic or inorganic compounds, such as, phosphate, sulfate, acetyl,
     formyl, methyl, ethyl or propyl. The compounds are as nutritional
     supplements for, e.g., human being in the fields of education, sports,
     reconvalescence or geriatrics They can also be used as animal feed
     additives.

Inventor: 
Gastner; Thomas (Trostberg, DE), Krimmer; Hans-Peter (Kirchweidach, DE), Guthner; Thomas (Trostberg, DE), Sturm; Werner (Tacherting, DE) 
Filed: November 16, 2004
Assignee: 


Patent No: 8202545
Title: Nutraceutical for the prevention and treatment of cancers and diseases
     affecting the liver

Abstract:  A composition comprising vegetable/herbal based dietary ingredients, or
     extracts, which contains vitamins and nutrients that provide a novel
     nontoxic treatment for liver cancers, hepatitis, and liver cirrhosis. The
     composition can be taken as a daily dietary supplement to enhance normal
     physiological functions of the body. The said composition, or extracts
     thereof, are useful and effective in the treatment and prevention of
     liver and possibly other cancers. The compositions are also useful for
     administration to patients with pre-existing hepatitis and/or liver
     cirrhosis. The compositions or extracts thereof may be useful for
     treating other cancers and other disorders, diseases, or conditions.

Inventor: 
Bui; Can V. (Harvey, LA), Bui, legal representative; Cuong Q. (Harvey, LA) 
Filed: August 1, 2011
Assignee: 


Patent No: 8202906
Title: Use of docosahexanoic acid as active substance for the treatment of
     lipodystrophy

Abstract:  Use of an extract of animal, plant or microorganism-produced origin
     comprising docosahexaenoic acid as active substance for the manufacture
     of a medicament for the treatment of lipodystrophy in a mammal. The
     medicament is administered to a patient who is concomitantly receiving a
     highly active anti-retroviral therapy (HAART). The treatment is effective
     and overcomes the disadvantages of current lipodystrophy treatments in
     HIV-infected patients.

Inventor: 
Domingo Pedral; Juan Carlos (Barcelona, ES), Domingo Pedral; Pere (Barcelona, ES) 
Filed: December 1, 2003
Assignee: 


Patent No: 8329230
Title: **Please see images for: 
( Certificate of Correction ) 
 **

Abstract:  Disclosed is a natural hair care composition comprising extract of
     flowers of plant Butea frondosa and/or stem bark of plant Butea
     parviflora, and/or the exudates of stem and root of plant Butea superba,
     and a cosmetically acceptable carrier. Also disclosed are methods for
     obtaining the plant extract and use thereof in regulation of hair growth
     and prevention of hair loss in all kinds of hair disorders.

Inventor: **Please see images for: 
( Certificate of Correction ) 
 **

Filed: May 17, 2010
Assignee: 


Patent No: 8618050
Title: **Please see images for: 
( Certificate of Correction ) 
 **

Abstract:  Disclosed is a dietary ingredient comprising at least one edible lipid
     which does not inhibit mineral absorption, enhances mineral absorption
     and intake, particularly a chemically or enzymatically synthesized
     synthetic oil, particularly glyceride-based lipid with high levels of
     mono- or polyunsaturated fatty acids at positions sn-1 and sn-3 of the
     glycerol backbone, vegetable- and plant-derived oil, such as flax and
     canola oils, short and medium chains lipid, preferably MCT and an oil
     mimicking the triglyceride composition of human mother's milk fat and its
     various uses. The dietary ingredient is particularly intended for use in
     enhancing calcium absorption and in the prevention and/or treatment of
     disorders associated with depletion of bone calcium and bone density,
     prevention and treatment of osteoporosis, for the enhancement of bone
     formation and bone mass maximization and for the enhancement of bone
     formation in infants and young children.

Inventor: **Please see images for: 
( Certificate of Correction ) 
 **

Filed: October 21, 2004
Assignee: Enzymotec Ltd. (Migdal Haemeq, IL)


Patent No: 8513456
Title: Method for producing a carnosic acid-rich plant extract

Abstract:  A carnosic acid-rich plant extract can be produced by extracting a dried
     and comminuted plant material containing carnosic acid with supercritical
     CO.sub.2 at a pressure of at least 200 bar and at a temperature of at
     most 100.degree. C. In a first step, supercritical CO.sub.2 in a quantity
     of 10 to 50 kg of CO.sub.2 per kg of plant material is passed through the
     plant material to obtain a first CO.sub.2 extract. In a second step,
     additional supercritical CO.sub.2 is passed through the plant material to
     obtain a second CO.sub.2 extract, and a carnosic acid-rich plant extract
     is separated from the second CO.sub.2 extract by lowering the pressure.

Inventor: 
Wiesmueller; Johann (Garching, DE), Michlbauer; Franz (Kirchweidach, DE), Kahleyss; Ralf (St. Georgen, DE), Hausner; Helmut (Trostberg, DE) 
Filed: October 12, 2010
Assignee: Evonik Degussa GmbH (Essen, DE)


Patent No: 8802163
Title: Natural soap using herbal medicine mature decoction, and method of
     preparing the same

Abstract:  A natural soap is made using a herbal medicine decoction. The natural
     soap includes herbs including lotus roots, lotus leaves, red ginseng,
     Hippophae rhamnoides leaves and trunk, persimmon leaves, thuja
     orientalis, ginger, rosemary, black beans, black sesame, aloe, mulberry
     leaves, Orostachys japonicus, Angelica gigas, green tea, pine needles,
     mint, pleuropterus multiflorus, blueberry, and Acorus gramineus. A
     ripening device ripens the herbs in temperatures of 65 to 95.degree. C.
     for 3 to 15 days, distilled water or soft water is poured onto the herbs,
     and the herbs mixed with the water are decocted by a decoction maker.

Inventor: 
Ko; Eun Joo (Seoul, KR) 
Filed: January 7, 2013
Assignee: 



​

​
